Add document on Keda conditions (#191)
kyma-project/keda-manager: docs/user/05-01-conditions.md

# Conditions

> This section describes the possible states of the Keda CR. Two conditions of type `Installed` and `Deleted` are used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes the possible states of the Keda CR. Two condition types, `Installed` and `Deleted`, are used.
```
